Stable versions docs page (#1019)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/stable versions.md

---
id: stable-versions
title: Mia-Platform stable versions
sidebar_label: Stable versions
---

A **stable release** is a version that has been thoroughly tested and is therefore as reliable as possible.

> 

Reviewer: I'd remove this line, since also other releases are well tested before the release

Author: rephrased a little bit to remove the testing topic

> A **stable release** is a version that has been thoroughly tested and is therefore as reliable as possible. It does not include all the latest new features of a beta release.

Reviewer 2: I would not mention beta release here. Where is it defined? I think we do not talk of beta release anywhere, so I would not introduce it here unless we decide to call other versions as beta versions

Those versions labeled as _stable_ are particularly suitable for on-premise updates and installations.

Typically, a new stable version is announced every quarter of the year. Therefore, __four stable versions__ will be announced over a-year period.

> For each stable version, a **maintenance window** will be granted for a three-months period approximately, pending the next stable version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For each stable version, a **Maintenance Window** will be granted for a three-months period approximately, pending the next stable version.
```

> For each stable version, a **Maintenance Window** will be granted for a three-months period approximately, pending the next stable version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each stable version, a **Maintenance Window (MTW)** will be granted for a three-months period approximately, pending the next stable version.
```

> Thus, once a [Major/Minor version](/info/version_policy.md) is labeled as stable, patches will be provided throughout the Maintenance Window in case of relevant detected bugs. Then, we recommend regularly upgrading to the latest patch of the stable release.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thus, once a [Major/Minor version](/info/version_policy.md) is labeled as stable, patches on this specific version will be provided throughout the Maintenance Window in case of relevant detected bugs. Then, we recommend regularly upgrading to the latest patch of the stable release.  
```

> Thus, once a [major/minor version](/info/version_policy.md) is labeled as stable, patches will be provided along the maintenance window in case of relevant detected bugs. Then, we recommend regularly upgrading to the latest patch of the stable release.  
> Once a new stable release is announced, it is suggested to upgrade to the new stable version so as to have guaranteed future support in case of malfunctions or relevant bugs detection.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Thus, once a [Major/Minor version](/info/version_policy.md) is labeled as stable, patches will be provided throughout  the Maintenance Window in case of relevant detected bugs. Then, we recommend regularly upgrading to the latest patch of the stable release.  
Once a new stable release is announced, it is suggested to upgrade to the new stable version to ensure guaranteed future support in case of malfunctions or relevant bugs detection.
```

:::info
**Only bug-fixes** will be applied on the stable version, and __no new features will be added__.
:::

## Stable versions list

> Here you can find the list of stable versions, with their guaranteed maintenance time windows (MTW):

Reviewer: Should we note that the correct day will be added at a later time?

> |  Quarter  | Stable Version |      Start MTW       |       End MTW        |

Reviewer 2: Alla fine mettiamo le date? Non avevamo detto che le avremmo messe più avanti e avremmo lasciato solo il quarter?

Author: ho modificato lasciando più generico il momento temporale del mese
